docs/APIRef.Expect.md, before:

# Expect

Detox uses **Matchers** to find UI `elements` in your app, **Actions** to emulate user interaction with those `elements` and **Expectations** to verify values on those `elements`.

Expect verifies if a certain value is as expected to be.

### Methods

- [`.toBeVisible()`](#tobevisible)
- [`.toBeNotVisible()`](#tobenotvisible)
- [`.toExist()`](#toexist)
- [`.toNotExist()`](#tonotexist)
- [`.toHaveText()`](#tohavetexttext)
- [`.toHaveId()`](#tohaveidid)
- [`.toHaveValue()`](#tohavevaluevalue)


### `toBeVisible()`
Expect the view to be at least 75% visible.

```js
await expect(element(by.id('UniqueId204'))).toBeVisible();
```

### `toBeNotVisible()`
Expect the view to not be visible.

```js
await expect(element(by.id('UniqueId205'))).toBeNotVisible();
```

### `toExist()`
Expect the view to exist in the UI hierarchy.

```js
await expect(element(by.id('UniqueId205'))).toExist();
```

### `toNotExist()`
Expect the view to not exist in the UI hierarchy.

```js
await expect(element(by.id('RandomJunk959'))).toNotExist();
```

### `toHaveText(text)`
- In React Native apps, expect UI component of type `<Text>` to have text.

- In native iOS apps, expect UI elements of type UIButton, UILabel, UITextField or UITextViewIn to have inputText with text.

```js
await expect(element(by.id('UniqueId204'))).toHaveText('I contain some text');
```

### `toHaveId(id)`
- In React Native apps, expect UI component to have [`testID`](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/view.html#testid) with that id.
- In native iOS apps, expect UI element to have accesibilityIdentifier with that id.

```js
await expect(element(by.text('I contain some text'))).toHaveId('UniqueId204');
```

### `toHaveValue(value)`
Expect components like a Switch to have a value ('0' for off, '1' for on).

```js
await expect(element(by.id('UniqueId533'))).toHaveValue('0');
```

Commit message:

Updated docs about label. Updated detox init script.

docs/APIRef.Expect.md, after:

# Expect

Detox uses **Matchers** to find UI `elements` in your app, **Actions** to emulate user interaction with those `elements` and **Expectations** to verify values on those `elements`.

Expect verifies if a certain value is as expected to be.

### Methods

- [`.toBeVisible()`](#tobevisible)
- [`.toBeNotVisible()`](#tobenotvisible)
- [`.toExist()`](#toexist)
- [`.toNotExist()`](#tonotexist)
- [`.toHaveText()`](#tohavetexttext)
- [`.toHaveLabel()`](#tohavelabellabel)
- [`.toHaveId()`](#tohaveidid)
- [`.toHaveValue()`](#tohavevaluevalue)


### `toBeVisible()`
Expect the view to be at least 75% visible.

```js
await expect(element(by.id('UniqueId204'))).toBeVisible();
```

### `toBeNotVisible()`
Expect the view to not be visible.

```js
await expect(element(by.id('UniqueId205'))).toBeNotVisible();
```

### `toExist()`
Expect the view to exist in the UI hierarchy.

```js
await expect(element(by.id('UniqueId205'))).toExist();
```

### `toNotExist()`
Expect the view to not exist in the UI hierarchy.

```js
await expect(element(by.id('RandomJunk959'))).toNotExist();
```

### `toHaveText(text)`
- In React Native apps, expect UI component of type `<Text>` to have text.

- In native iOS apps, expect UI elements of type UIButton, UILabel, UITextField or UITextViewIn to have inputText with text.

```js
await expect(element(by.id('UniqueId204'))).toHaveText('I contain some text');
```

### `toHaveLabel(label)`
- Similar to `toHaveText(text)`, but searches by accessibilityLabel (iOS) or by contentDescription (Android)

```js
await expect(element(by.id('UniqueId204'))).toHaveLabel('Done');
```

### `toHaveId(id)`
- In React Native apps, expect UI component to have [`testID`](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/view.html#testid) with that id.
- In native iOS apps, expect UI element to have accesibilityIdentifier with that id.

```js
await expect(element(by.text('I contain some text'))).toHaveId('UniqueId204');
```

### `toHaveValue(value)`
Expect components like a Switch to have a value ('0' for off, '1' for on).

```js
await expect(element(by.id('UniqueId533'))).toHaveValue('0');
```
